Now, let's implement the marginal contribution of the feature.
First thing is, we want to get S_union_i, and so first,
we want to make a copy of set S and
then we can call the in-place function that adds feature i to it.
Now, we want to return the difference between
the prediction with feature i and without feature i,
so the prediction of something minus the prediction of something.
Recall that it takes in a tree,
so I did shift tab there.
Tree takes the set of features,
so in this case S_union_i and it takes the sample observations.
Here, it's going to be the tree as well just set S and X.
Once we've defined it, let's try it out.
Here, let's say that feature i is going to be feature
zero and set S includes feature one.
Now, we're just going to grab one data point to calculate the marginal contribution on.
What I mean is, x remember has a 100 rows with three features each.
We'll just grab the first one where feature zero is one and feature one is also one.
The marginal contribution we expect to be 0.05 and that's the case.
The marginal contribution of feature zero is 0.5.
This means that the prediction of the model when feature zero is present is
0.5 greater than the model's prediction when it only has feature one.
If you remember that feature zero and one form the and operator,
when the model only knows of feature one,
then it's going to predict 0.5 on average,
so half the time the label would be zero,
half the time that the labels in the training set are one.
But when it knows both features to help make the decision that it's the and operator,
then the prediction when features zero and one are both one,
the prediction is one,
so one minus 0.5 is 0.5.
Please continue on with the lesson.